Add documentation for clusterContraints.k8sVersion in schema.md (#409)
GoogleCloudPlatform/marketplace-k8s-app-tools: docs/schema.md

          minimumNodeCount: 3
```

You can also define restrictions for the version of the cluster. For example, if the application

> requires that the cluster runs k8s version greater or equals to 1.13.7, use:

Reviewer: nit: greater than or equal to

```yaml
x-google-marketplace:
  clusterConstraints:
    k8sVersion: >=1.13.7
```

> Any semver pattern is accepted, however it is recommended that the constraints are kept to a 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Any SemVer expression is accepted; however, it is recommended that the constraints are kept to a 
minimum for the application to be deployable to a wider range of clusters.

You can use [this website](https://semver.npmjs.com/) for testing SemVer expressions.
```
